rename the examples to be more descriptive (#753)
jmorganca/ollama: examples/README.md

This directory contains different examples of using Ollama

> Folders that start with `base-` are the simplest examples of using Ollama. They are meant to be used as a starting point for your own models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Folders that start with `modelfile-` are the simplest examples of using Ollama. They are meant to be used as a starting point for creating your own custom models.
```

Author: weird. i got rid of most of that
